RN 44580 (#5859)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer/Getting_started/The_DataMiner_User_Interface/DataMiner_Cube/Installing_DataMiner_Cube/Changing_the_default_browser_engine_used_in_DataMiner_Cube.md

   - **Edge** (default): From DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU18]/10.5.0 [CU6]/10.5.9 onwards<!--RN 43429-->, Edge (WebView2) is the default web browser engine. This browser engine has the advantage that web content is rendered directly to the graphics card and proprietary codecs such as H.264 and AAC are supported. In addition, the browser engine automatically receives updates via Windows Update, regardless of the DataMiner or Cube version.

     > [!NOTE]
     >
     > - The WebView2 Runtime is not included in DataMiner upgrade packages. It is automatically installed with Office 365 apps and/or Windows 11. You can also get the Evergreen Bootstrapper or Standalone installer from Microsoft: [Microsoft Edge WebView2](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/?form=MA13LH#download-section).

>      > - The most recent versions of Windows all come with WebView2 Runtime pre-installed. However, for less recent versions of Windows, you may need to [install WebView2 Runtime manually](xref:DataMiner_Client_Requirements#microsoft-webview2).

Author: ```suggestion
     > - On the most recent Windows Server versions, WebView2 Runtime is pre-installed. However, on older Windows versions or certain Windows Server editions, you may need to [install WebView2 Runtime manually](xref:DataMiner_Client_Requirements#microsoft-webview2). We recommend performing a system-wide installation as Administrator.
```

>      > - On the most recent Windows Server versions, WebView2 Runtime is pre-installed. However, on older Windows versions or certain Windows Server editions, you may need to [install WebView2 Runtime manually](xref:DataMiner_Client_Requirements#microsoft-webview2). We recommend performing a system-wide installation as Administrator.

Reviewer: no it is not on server versions installed. So Microsoft Webvieew 2 is delivered on regular Windows systems, starting from Windows 10, except the very first versions of WIndows 10 in 2016 and 2017.
That's why few users have troubles on Windows Server: when they install it then there's a chance that it is by per-user instead of system-wide, which should be avoided.
"On the most recent Windows Server versions" must be "On the most recent Windows versions"
